Add documentation for numeric value comparison within specified accuracy #165 (#314)
apple/swift-testing: Sources/Testing/Testing.docc/MigratingFromXCTest.md

| `try XCTUnwrap(x)` | `try #require(x)` |
| `XCTFail("…")` | `Issue.record("…")` |

> - Note: To check that two numeric values are equivalent within a specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check that two numeric values are equivalent within a specified
```

The callout box is not necessary here.

> accuracy, as in the analogue of 

Reviewer: @chuckdude @medreisbach Does Apple style prefer "analogue" or "analog"?

Reviewer 2: /me places his bet on "analog" - the American english spelling

Reviewer: I suspect you're right, hence why I asked! 😃

[`XCTAssertEqual(_:_:accuracy:_:file:line:)`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/3551607-xctassertequal)

> , please import [swift-numerics](https://github.com/apple/swift-numerics)

Reviewer: [ ] The comma needs to be on the same line as the link, otherwise it will be rendered with leading whitespace.
[ ] Remove the word "please" as overly colloquial.

> to use the ``isApproximatelyEqual()`` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and use the ``isApproximatelyEqual()`` function.
```

I know @heckj suggested the opposite change, but "and" would be more grammatically correct in this position. (Sorry Joe!)

| `try XCTUnwrap(x)` | `try #require(x)` |
| `XCTFail("…")` | `Issue.record("…")` |

The testing library doesn’t provide an equivalent of
[`XCTAssertEqual(_:_:accuracy:_:file:line:)`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/3551607-xctassertequal).
To compare two numeric values within a specified accuracy, 

> use ``isApproximatelyEqual()`` from [swift-numerics](https://github.com/apple/swift-numerics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use `isApproximatelyEqual()` from [swift-numerics](https://github.com/apple/swift-numerics).
```

(DocC uses double backticks to refer to symbols in the same package or project.)

| `try XCTUnwrap(x)` | `try #require(x)` |
| `XCTFail("…")` | `Issue.record("…")` |

> - Note: When comparing two numeric values within a specified accuracy, i.e. the

Reviewer: @medreisbach @chuckdude Can you advise?

> - Note: When comparing two numeric values within a specified accuracy, i.e. the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Note: To check that two numeric values are equivalent within a specified accuracy, as in the
```

analogue of [`XCTAssertEqual(_:_:accuracy:_:file:line:)`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/3551607-xctassertequal)

> , please import [the swift-numerics package](https://github.com/apple/swift-numerics)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
, import [the swift-numerics package](https://github.com/apple/swift-numerics)
```

Reviewer: I'd also reduce the link to just "swift-numerics" but that's not a hard rule, just my preference.

> and use the ``isApproximatelyEqual()`` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to use the ``isApproximatelyEqual()`` function.
```

Reviewer 2: Flip the whole ordering, which would make it more direct, something akin to:

"Import swift-numerics and use `isApproximateEqual` to compare two numeric values to within an accuracy bound you specify. Use this technique as a replacement for XCTAssertEqual(_:_:accuracy)."

or something akin

Reviewer: That would be confusing since it would introduce instructions to import swift-numerics without a reader knowing _why_ that was important. State the problem before the solution.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, you’re right. maybe lead with “swift-testing doesn’t include an exact duplicate of XCTAssertEqual(::accuracy)” and then jump into the direct advice.

| `try XCTUnwrap(x)` | `try #require(x)` |
| `XCTFail("…")` | `Issue.record("…")` |

To check that two numeric values are equivalent within a specified
accuracy, as in the analog of 
[`XCTAssertEqual(_:_:accuracy:_:file:line:)`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/3551607-xctassertequal),
import [swift-numerics](https://github.com/apple/swift-numerics)

> and use the ``isApproximatelyEqual()`` function.

Reviewer: Drop "currently"—we're not planning to add an equivalent precisely because swift-numerics is the preferred solution. We don't anticipate a change here.

"an equivalent operation for" -> "an equivalent of"

"you can use" -> "use"?
